hey what is it by what hypersonic for
funnier and welcome to how to import
your minecraft skin to any of your
cinema 4d animations watch first thing
Steve rig first open your cinema 4d open
it boom then first get your Steve rig
I'm using a graphics pack already made
um so it costs money to get it and stuff
so first um get Steve rig I'm going to
use this see how it's all cool and
animated then what you're gonna do click
on this then see that skin right there
let's see if how it has no eyes or
anything go first
go on Nova skin here's my normal my
normal minecraft skin oh wait I don't
have internet on sorry I gotta connect
to internet then low like it see how
mine has eyes what do you do picker pick
the skin and then delete this then you'd
save it but I already have it saved is
that when you have this right here
opened drag that there and then close
this up gonna drag it right there hit no
it said what the heck oh wait okay here
we go
import it to there hit now and then
there you go you have your skin in
instead of that Steve rig
yeah it was in this and you can animate
your thing I'm using a special Steve rig
in the graphics pack which allows me to
edit like eyebrows um eyes and stuff
that's why I have like animated eyes um
I hope you guys have enjoyed um leave a
like comment favorite um comment
subscribe um it really helped me and I
hope you guys enjoyed this short little
tutorial and oh yeah by the way for
schedule on your schedule or whatever ok
I will be using fraps for all gameplay
if you go on mind do a salute video
minecraft PvP it is recorded with fraps
whenever I'm going to be doing a
tutorial because fraps only can record
desktop for Windows 7 I will be
recording my desktop with my good old
friend Camtasia because I found a trick
to get it intimate so hope you guys have
enjoyed see you guys next time
good bye